feat(zone-egress): Added information about zone egress in standalone mode (#726)
kumahq/kuma-website: docs/docs/dev/documentation/zoneegress.md

# Zone Egress

> When Kuma is deployed as [standalone](../deployments/stand-alone.md) or in [multi-zone](../deployments/multi-zone.md),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ZoneEgress` proxy is used when it is required to isolate outgoing traffic (to services in other 
zones or [external services](../policies/external-services.md) in the local zone).
```

and you want to achieve isolation of outgoing traffic (to services in other 
zones or [external services](../policies/external-services.md) in the local zone),
you can use `ZoneEgress` proxy.

This proxy is not attached to any particular workload. In multi-zone the proxy is bound to a specific zone.

> When Zone Egress is present in the zone:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Zone Egress is present:
```

> * All requests that are sent from local data plane proxies to the ones in other

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In multi-zone, all requests that are sent from local data plane proxies to other
```

  address: 192.168.0.1
  port: 10002
```

Apply the egress configuration, passing the IP address of the control plane and your instance should start.

```bash
kuma-dp run \
--proxy-type=egress \
--cp-address=https://<kuma-cp-address>:5678 \
--dataplane-token-file=/path/to/token \
--dataplane-file=/path/to/config
```

**Multi-zone**

Multi-zone deployment is similar and for deployment, you should follow [multi-zone deployment instruction](../deployments/multi-zone.md).

:::
::::

A `ZoneEgress` deployment can be scaled horizontally.

## Configuration

> `ZoneEgress` won't work if there is no [mTLS enabled](../policies/mutual-tls.md). In this case it is necessary to enable secured communication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[mTLS](../policies/mutual-tls.md) is required to enable `ZoneEgress`
```

> :::: tabs :options="{ useUrlFragment: false }"

Reviewer: Might not be worth adding this doc here it's in the mtls page already
